[Music]
this video is applicable for the removal
and installation of our knots new front
air shock replacement kit sk 24 87 for
the late-model Cadillac Escalade
Chevrolet Tahoe suburban and Avalanche
and the GMC Yukon including the Denali
your vehicle may look different than the
one used in this video please refer to
the Arnott installation manual that
comes with your purchase for additional
information and safety precautions
removal step 1 disconnecting the battery
to avoid the possibility of short
circuits while working with electric
components consult your owners manual on
how to disconnect your battery always
wear safety glasses when doing
automotive maintenance removal step 2
wheel removal start by removing the
wheels lug nuts once the lug nuts are
removed carefully take off the wheel
removal step 3 lifting your vehicle use
a secure lifting platform that is
capable of raising the body separately
from the wheels lifting the vehicle body
at the correct lifting points prescribed
by the manufacturer removal step 4
disconnecting the shock sensor
connectors at the top of the shock
unplug the shock sensor connector and
remove the top shock bolts please note
if the car is equipped with selectable
ride disconnect the real-time damping
link rod from the sensor grasp the
connector lock tabs then rotate the
connector lock tabs counterclockwise
until the connector is unlocked
disengage the connector from the tenon
by firmly pulling the connector up hold
the tenon end
the wrench while removing the nut
removal step 5
removing the shock assembly next remove
the shock assembly mounting bolts at the
lower control arm then remove the shock
assembly
install step one prepping for
installation install the spring seat
adapter the OEM spring seat and the bump
stop cap onto the new shock absorber
install the OEM coil spring and all the
OEM upper mount parts including the bump
stop and the upper spring hat in their
original positions
[Music]
install the new flange nut on the shock
absorber top mount pin and tighten
[Music]
install step to installing the are not
Shaw install the new shock assembly
then tighten the top bolts
it may be necessary to use a jack to
install the new flange nuts on the lower
t-bar mount once the flange nuts on the
lower t-bar mount are installed tighten
remove the sensor connector plug and
place it with the new plug and secure
the cable
[Music]
install step 3 installing the wheel
reinstall the tire and tighten all the
lug nuts and lower the vehicle
[Music]
install step for reconnecting the
battery to avoid the possibility of
short circuits while working with
electric components consult your owners
manual on how to reconnect your battery
installation completed congratulations
lower the car to test drive and check
the installation